Readme and Contributing update (#933)
uclapi/uclapi: README.md

# UCL API [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/uclapi/uclapi.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/uclapi/uclapi) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/uclapi/uclapi/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/uclapi/uclapi)

## What is the UCL API?
UCL API is a **student-built** platform for **student developers** to improve the **student experience** of everyone at UCL.

### Our Goal
Create a ridiculously simple, documentation first, and comprehensive API around UCL's digital services and establish an ecosystem of third party UCL apps and services that use the API.

### Interested in using it?
Find out more at our [website](https://uclapi.com)

### Interested in helping build it?

> Read on more to find out how to setup and build the API. From here you can start writing your own changes and submitting them, read our [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn more about how you can contribute.

Reviewer: Two sentences

## Setting Up and Building
This will walk you through setting yourself up a local development environment. This is different to if you want to deploy this into production, but luckily we have an internal set of installation scripts for this. Therefore, this guide will not walk you through, for example, getting Gunicorn or Nginx running. This is for simply getting an environment up that can be used to develop the API. Testing with Nginx and Gunicorn is done in staging prior to a production deployment.

### Requirements
We only support development under Linux. macOS is unofficially supported, and we have some instructions below on how to get the Oracle Instant Client working on macOS. All Windows developers can and should use Bash on Ubuntu on Windows under Windows 10 for testing, as the environment is Ubuntu 18.04.1 LTS; this is exactly the distribution and version of Linux that we use on both our Staging and Production web servers. Make sure you are installing Ubuntu (This defaults to the most recent LTS release) or Ubuntu 18.04 from the window store, although you should have no issues with the 16.04 version we cannot guarantee this.

> Note that since the Creators Update (which includes 16.04.2; if you have not upgraded from Ubuntu 14 then there are tutorials online to do this) we have experienced zero issues building and running under Bash on Ubuntu on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that since the Creators Update of Windows 10, we have not had any issues building or running UCL API on Windows 10 under the Linux Subsystem. However, we always recommend that Windows developers stay up to date with the latest feature updates to Windows (released twice a year) as Microsoft is rapidly developing and improving WSL.
```

git clone https://github.com/uclapi/fakeshibboleth
```

### Quick Note on using virtual environments

> Virtual environments allow us to easily switch between python versions and the pip packages we have installed. They are entered with the following commands:

Reviewer: Python should be capitalised

```
Linux: . venv/bin/activate 
Windows: \venv\Scripts\activate
```

You can tell you're in one by the first letters of a terminal/cmd prompt. The line should start with the name of your virtual environment for example 

```
(venv)Your-Computer:your_project UserName$ 
```

> Once inside anything we run runs with this environments version of python. This must be done whenever using our project and so before running *manage.py* or other python files remember to be in the virtual environment.

Reviewer: *environment's version of Python, and the versions of any packages we have installed within it.

> Once inside anything we run runs with this environment's version of python and the version's of any packages installed within it. This must be done whenever using our project and so before running *manage.py* or other python files remember to be in the virtual environment.

Reviewer 2: perhaps instead: anything we execute will run...
also: *versions* of any packages...

### Install PostgreSQL
Setting this up will vary based on your operating system. It is perfectly possible to just use the Windows version of Postgres and run it under Windows whilst running the rest of the code under Linux. If you are working on Linux or macOS directly then you should install PostgreSQL and then reset the `postgres` account password to one you know and can save in the .env later.

#### Create the required tables

> Now we have PostgreSQL installed we can create some empty tables so we can complete the migrations later. There are two required, uclapi_default, and uclapi_gencache if you are using the environment variables below. These can be created by accessing the postgreSQL command prompt with the command ```psql``` and then running ```create database uclapi_default;``` and then ```create database uclapi_gencache;``` 

Reviewer: Empty databases, not empty tables ;)

SENTRY_DSN=

REDIS_UCLAPI_HOST=localhost

> STATIC_URL=http://localhost:8080/

Reviewer 2: This should be `STATIC_URL=/static/` I think. We're not using webpack-serve anymore.

## Testing
We're an amazing project, so obviously we have tests :sparkles:  
Make sure you have the requirements installed in your virtual environment (and you have activated it) , `cd` into `backend/uclapi` and then run :  
`python manage.py test --testrunner 'uclapi.custom_test_runner.NoDbTestRunner' --settings=uclapi.settings_mocked`

## Our Custom Django Management Commands

> Whats that?! You want even more info? This section details any custom management commands we have created for django. You can view the full list of commands including the standard ones by running the command ```python manage.py --help``` and get more information on specific commands by running ```python manage.py command --help```. The most useful commands for development are listed below in addition to this however.

Reviewer 2: >What's that?!

### Triggering Webhooks Manually

> To trigger webhooks and test them you can run the command ```python manage.py trigger_webhooks``` with the optional flag of ```--debug``` to print details of each response. **Note: this will require having data in the room_booking database. You will also want to have done this atleast twice or else you will send hundreds of thousands of bookings to the endpoint**

Reviewer 2: "done this *at least* twice"

### Testing the Timetable System

> To test the timetables system you can run ```python manage.py test_personal_timetable```. This will query you for a ucl userid and then print out their timetable data in json format. **This will require you having populated both caches**

Reviewer 2: Suggest this is phrased as follows:
```
This will prompt you for a UCL userid and then print out the corresponding timetable data in JSON format. **You will need to have populated both caches**
```

### Updating The Frontend
To update the blogs displayed on frontpage you can run the command ```python manage.py update_medium```. This will retrieve a number of articles from our blog and insert them into the front-end. The amount retrieved is set in settings.py with the varibale `MEDIUM_ARTICLE_QUANTITY` **Note: the front end does not require rebuilding after this**

### Database Updating Commands
These were covered above but for completeness you have at your disposal these commands to switch the lock of the database and then update them.
```
python manage.py create_lock
python manage.py update_gencache
python manage.py create_timetable_lock
python manage.py update_timetable_gencache
```

> **Note: As said previosuly these require valid credentials and for you to be on the UCL network to use**

Reviewer 2: previosuly => previously
we should have a spellcheck/grammar hound haha
